fix url (#53)
collective/collective.documentgenerator: docs/user.rst

**How to write the template ?**
-------------------------------

> The `appy framework <http://appyframework.org>`_ is used to interpret the template and render it using the context.

Author: Done thanks

> You can find a `documentation <http://appyframework.org/podWritingTemplates.html>`_ explaining the syntax that can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a `documentation <ttps://appyframe.work/13>`_ explaining the syntax that can be used.
```

Author: Done thanks
